fix links and attributes on project readme pages (#435)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

> :product: App Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:product: Application Services
```
Not sure if this one should be spelled out in full?

Author: Don't think so. At least it has always been called App Services, deliberately AFAIK.

== Repository structure

> This repository is designed to be usable for people browsing it on GitHub, as well as reusable (e.g., in quick starts) in implementations of services such as {product-kafka} or {product-registry}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is designed to be usable for people browsing it on GitHub, as well as reusable (for example, in quick starts) in implementations of services such as {product-kafka} or {product-registry}.
```
